website: minimalistic readme (#14240)
goauthentik/authentik: website/README.md

# authentik documentation source

This directory contains the source files for the [authentik technical documentation](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs?utm_source=github) and the [authentik integration guides](https://docs.goauthentik.io/integrations?utm_source=github).

> Contributions are welcome - see our [contributor guidelines](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs?utm_source=github) for more information.

Reviewer: please expand this section to say Yes, contributions are welcome but we expect them to locally build and test and then yes send a PR please!

Reviewer: @dominic-r is this done?

> Contributions are welcome - see our [contributor guidelines](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs?utm_source=github) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Contributions are welcome! Please refer to our [contributor guidelines](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs?utm_source=github) for details. You can also [build the documentation locally](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs/setup/website-dev-environment) to preview your changes. Be sure to test locally before opening a pull request to help ensure a smooth review process.
```
